Jaina Proudmoore

Lady Jaina Proudmoore is the daughter of Daelin and Katherine Proudmoore, and sister of Derek and Tandred. She is considered one of the finest mages in all Azeroth and the most powerful human sorceress alive.She is the Lord Admiral of Kul Tiras, the former leader of the Kirin Tor of Dalaran, and of the port-city of Theramore.

Gul'dan

Gul'dan was the first orcish warlock as well as the de facto founder of the Horde. He betrayed both his people and his mentor Ner'zhul to the demon lord Kil'jaeden for personal gain and power, and was directly responsible for the orcs' fall to demonic enslavement and their subsequent invasion of Azeroth. Tutored by the leaders of the Burning Legion, he is considered one of the most powerful warlocks to have ever existed.He founded the Shadow Council and created the first death knights. Gul'dan often referred to himself as "Darkness Incarnate" and "The Destroyer of Dreams.

Garrosh Hellscream

Garrosh Hellscream was a former Warchief of the Horde chosen by Thrall to replace him in the wake of the Cataclysm, until he was succeeded by Vol'jin after the Siege of Orgrimmar. Throughout the history of Azeroth, few mortals have achieved greater notoriety than him.

Garrosh grew up on Draenor in the shadow of his father, the great warrior Grommash Hellscream, leader of the Warsong clan. Grom was the first orc leader to drink the blood of Mannoroth, subjugating the orcs to the Legion's will. Before this event, Garrosh was among several orcs who had become ill with the red pox. They had been quarantined far away in Nagrand, allowing them to escape the demonic corruption. The younger Hellscream was ashamed of his father for many years until he met Thrall during the invasion of Outland and learned of Grom's heroic redemption. Garrosh has since embraced his potential as a strong leader, most notably in Northrend, where he directed the Horde advance through the Borean Tundra and won the hearts of his people. Uncompromising and fiercely proud, Garrosh intended to restore the orcs' glory by any means necessary.


Sylvanas

Lady Sylvanas Windrunner, formerly styled "the Dark Lady" and "the Banshee Queen", is the former Warchief of the Horde and former supreme ruler of the Forsaken, one of the most powerful factions of undead on Azeroth. In life, Sylvanas was the ranger-general of Silvermoon, whose leadership acumen and martial prowess were without equal. During the Third War, she bravely defended Quel'Thalas from a Scourge invasion led by the death knight Arthas Menethil. Ultimately, however, Sylvanas fell in battle. Rather than honor the ranger-general with a quick death, Arthas ripped out her soul and transformed it into a banshee: a cunning and vengeful agent of the Lich King empowered by hate.

Illidan

Illidan Stormrage, commonly known as the Betrayer, is the first of the demon hunters, the former self-proclaimed Lord of Outland, the former ruler of the Black Temple, and the original leader of the Illidari. He is the twin brother of Malfurion Stormrage and was, like his sibling, in love with Tyrande Whisperwind. Originally a powerful night elf sorcerer, Illidan officially betrayed his people by defecting to the demonic Burning Legion during the War of the Ancients, though his reasons for doing so were noble as he secretly aimed to repel the Legion's invasion. He eventually returned to the side of his fellow night elves, but his creation of a second Well of Eternity at the end of the war caused his people to name him "Betrayer" and imprison him in the Barrow Deeps below Mount Hyjal. There he remained for over 10,000 years, watched over by the warden Maiev Shadowsong and her Watchers.


Deathwing

Deathwing the Destroyer,formerly known as Neltharion the Earth-Warder, was one of the five Dragon Aspects and leader of the black dragonflight. Ages ago, Neltharion was empowered by the Pantheon with dominion over the earth and the deep places of Azeroth. However, driven mad by the Old Gods, he turned against the other Aspects during the War of the Ancients, eventually abandoning his title of Aspect of Earth in favor of being the Aspect of Death. Becoming one of the greatest terrors of the known world, his name too became one whispered with a feeling of fear and contempt among both mortals and dragons.He was perhaps the most powerful servant of the Old Gods







